# Meeting 3 (Agenda)

**Chairman: Roderick de Britto Heemskerk**

**Secretary: Matthijs Arnoldus**

**Date: 04/03/2019**

## TA Session Agenda
- **Discuss weekly tasks:** Was what we handed in up to par? What should be improved?

- **Discuss Notes:** Until now, has the note-taking met expectations?

- **Discuss version status:** Is a new version required every week? What amount of progress should be made?

- Discuss what can go better (Sprint review)

## Points of action

- Discuss Carbon footprint API (#15)
    - Have we found any working API yet?
    - Should we start looking for alternatives?
  
- Discuss the setting up of classes (#28)
    - What basic structure are we missing?

- Discuss implementing sign in (#24)
    - What is the current status?

- Discuss Sign in/ up JavaFX view (#25) & (#29)
    - Does everyone agree with the current design?

- Discuss Scrum board
    - Has everyone gotten used to it? 
    - Should we add descriptions, to clarify what exactly everyone is doing?
  
- Create planning for next weeks:
  - Who will develop what?
  - Add issues to the scrum board

## Any other business
> If anybody has something that should be discussed but came up with that after the agenda was finalized (in point 2), he/she should bring that up now so that it can be discussed after all.

## Closing
- Choose next meeting Chairman & Secretary
- Make a small analysis of progress up to this point, and discuss what we should change to make us more efficient.