# Meeting 2 (Agenda)

**Chairman: R. Sirokov**

**Secretary: J. Nieland**

**Date: 18/02/2019**



## TA Session Agenda
- **Format of the agenda:** needs to be clarified on what template should be used for the weekly agenda, as well as overall documentation part of the project.

- **Presence List:** do we need to keep track of the meeting presence list by ourselves?

- **TAs Expectations:** what exactly he expects to see on the meetings, and how we can make sure on our behalf that we fulfil the criterias regarding it?

- **Reports:** when the first Checkstyle must be handed in? What else shall be taken into account regarding the weekly reports?

- **Personal Dev Plan:** making sure we are fine.

- **Backend:** is it okay to use third-party **ready** solutions (like Firebase) for backend?

- **Graph of Our Contribution:** can we follow up our team's contribution like it was shown during the lecture? So we can balance it together.


## Points of action
- Make sure that everyone has everything needed
  - Software installed & running (IDE)
  - Project Cloned
  - Help with git if needed

- Discuss the research tasks assigned to everyone at the Meeting 1 (see issues).
  - Backend Solutions (#10)
  - Graphics (#14)
  - Carbonfootprint API (#13)

- Discuss the design sketches made by Nadyne (#11).

- Agree upon the initial ideas for the app functionality (#12).

- Make a plan for the development start
  - Who will start developing what
  - Deadlines


## Any other business
> If anybody has something that should be discussed but came up with that after the agenda was finalized (in point 2), he/she should bring that up now so that it can be discussed after all.

## Closing
- Choose next meeting Chairman & Secretary
- Make a small analysis of the day progress to determine how efficient we are and if any changes must be made.
