# Meeting 7 (Agenda)

**Chairman: R. Sirokov**

**Secretary: J. Nieland**

**Date: 25/03/2019**

## TA Session Agenda
- Demo:
    - Show how the workflow of the vegetarian meal feature
    - Show the code & tests
    - Discuss the demo results

- Discuss the upcoming project's end
    - Final reports
    - Presentation

- Responsible code?


## Points of action
- Implementing fractal trees (#33)
    - Are there still any problems?
    - Coloured branches? (#42)

- Discuss features for Week 8 demo (#52)
    - What needs to be implemented?
    - Who is responsible for what?
    - #58 #59 #60

- Discuss upcoming tough weeks
    - We again need to speed up

- Discuss external APIs for calculation models

- Create planning for next weeks:
  - Who will develop what?
  - Add issues to the scrum board

## Any other business
> If anybody has something that should be discussed but came up with that after the agenda was finalized, he/she should bring that up now so that it can be discussed after all.

## Closing
- Choose next meeting Chairman & Secretary
- Make a small analysis of how the demo went and what we can do better next demo
