*Meeting 2 (Notes)

**Chair: Roman Sirokov**

**Secretary: Jesse Nieland**

**Date: 18/02/2019**

##Notes
	- Presence list is not needed, Jim will keep track of that.
	- Check Style weekly.
	- Next week Sprint Review!
	- README file is good!
	- Firebase is fine, as long as you can call it from Java.
	- Branches are better than committing directly to master. First finishing the branch, then merging.
	- Next week is the first Demo, need to have a server and client that can send messages to eachother.
	- Making a release each week counts for the end grade!
	- For this week: continuous integration.
	- Merge requests will need to be approved by 2 people.
	- Master should be protected now, so that we can't push to it immediately

	- Backend Solution (#10)
		- Helper library for our application (based on Firebase)
		- Rest API

	- Design Sketches (#11)
		- Green theme
		- Spiderweb in the form of a tree is possible (fractaltree)
		- Design looks good, simple and easy
		- Minor details will be discussed when implementing

	- Ideas for the app functionality (#12)
		- 6 features (required)
			- Food
				- Vegetarian meal
				- Buying local produce
			- Transport
				- Bike instead of car
				- Public transport instead of car
			- House
				- Installing solar panels
				- Lowering temperature

		- Possible features
			- Transport
				-* Holiday transport
				- How much do you drive, in what car, how much do you emit
			- House 
				- Home appliances
				- Light usage (maybe as an extra)
				- Second hand stuff (Clothes & Furniture)
				-* Recycling

		* = the ones we like the most

		- Monthly extra points
			- Solar panels

		- Badges

	- Carbonfootprint API (#13)
		- We need to find some other way to calculate, since we want to know how much it affects the environment
		- Site isn't required, we can find other ways


	- Structure
		- Model: 
			- Database, business logic

		- View: 
			- Graphics, buttons, windows, pictures, etc.
			- JavaFX (which platforms?)

		- Controller: 
			- Intermediate between Model and View
			- View --> Controller --> Model
##