# Meeting 9 (Agenda)

**Chairman: Roderick de Britto Heemskerk**

**Secretary: Matthijs Arnoldus**

**Date: 08/04/2019**

## TA Session Agenda
- **Discuss final week:** How much are we still allowed to do.

- Discuss if current code distribution is more acceptable.

- Practise presentation + feedback

- Discuss what everyone has done this week, and whether there are any problems encountered

## Points of action

- Report (#44):
    - What is the status on the report?
    - What do we still need for the report?

- Readme (#64):
    - What is the status on the Readme?

    
- Final touches:
    - What things still have to be done?
        - Example: Code coverage

## Any other business
> If anybody has something that should be discussed but came up with that after the agenda was finalized (in point 2), he/she should bring that up now so that it can be discussed after all.

## Closing
- Wish each other luck for the presentation on Monday.
- Make a small analysis of the day progress to determine how efficient we are and if any changes must be made.
