# Meeting 8 (Agenda)

**Chairman: Matthijs Arnoldus**

**Secretary: Nadyne Aretz**

**Date: 01/04/2019**

## TA Session Agenda
- Show Demo

- Discuss Demo

- Discuss what everyone has done this week, and whether there are any problems encountered

## Points of action

- GUI (#68):
    - Does everyone agree with the new GUI style?
    - What views do we still need (badges, profile, etc)?

- Report (#44):
    - How many progress is made?
    - What do we still need for the report?

- Readme (#64):
    - Did we already start on improving the readme?
    - What still needs to be improved?

- OAuth (#61):
    - How far is this implemented?
    - Does this affect other parts of the project?

- Features (#53):
    - Discuss the score system
    - Is the API used where possible?

- Rubric:
    - Take a look at the rubric to check what things we can still do to score more points.

- Sprint review

- Create planning for next weeks:
   - Who will develop what?
   - Add issues to the scrum board

## Any other business
> If anybody has something that should be discussed but came up with that after the agenda was finalized (in point 2), he/she should bring that up now so that it can be discussed after all.

## Closing
- Choose next meeting Chairman & Secretary
- Make a small analysis of the day progress to determine how efficient we are and if any changes must be made.