# Meeting 6 (Notes)

**Chair: Matthijs Arnoldus**

**Secretary: Nadyne Aretz**

**Date: 01/04/2019**

## Notes

- Demo 3 presentation 
    * looked good  
- More workload distrbition 
    * Roman will get more writing taks (final report, read me, value sensitive design)
    * Nadyne and Jesse should code more
- Who worked on what:
    * Jesse worked on views
    * Matthijs worked on API, server, energy view and tests
    * Roderick worked on the server-client side connection, tests and friends workflow
    * Roman worked on the friends workflow, connecting other views
    * Nadyne worked on the fractal tree, final report and the batches

   



## Next Week
- Chairman: Roderick de Britto Heemskerk
- Secretary: Matthijs Arnoldus